Problem 12. Development Environments
	• Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio.
	• Write in a text file called  “list-of-IDEs.txt”  at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.


Eclipse
Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of 
various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, 
Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, 
Scheme, and Erlang.
Languages Supported: C, C++, Python, Perl, PHP, Java, Ruby and more.

Netbeans
An intuitive, drag-and-drop interface with project templates, binary and static libraries, and many useful functions, NetBeans is a 
popular IDE for C and C++ projects. It also supports Fortan and Assembler files, with GNU Debugger Integration and code assistance, 
NetBeans is a functional IDE for editing existing projects, building on templates or building from scratch on most leading platforms. 
There are also multiple NetBeans Enterprise IDE Download Bundles with options that support several additional technologies, including 
Java, PHP, HTML5 and more.
Languages Supported: C, C++, C++11, Fortan, Assembler.

Mono
MonoDevelop is a free GNOME IDE designed primarily for C# and other .NET languages, but it’s open to most any language and has some 
variation in supported languages across platforms. MonoDevelop enables the rapid development of  desktop and ASP.NET web applications 
for Windows, Linux and Mac platforms, with the option to port applications created with Visual Studio to Max and Linux platforms, 
allowing for a consistent code base across platforms.
Languages Supported: C#, Visual Basic, Java (IKVM), C/C++, Python, Boo, Vala.

Code::Blocks
It is a free, open source cross-platform IDE which supports multiple compilers including GCC, Clang and Visual C++. It is developed in 
C++ using wxWidgets as the GUI toolkit. Using a plugin architecture, its capabilities and features are defined by the provided plugins. 
Currently, Code::Blocks is oriented towards C, C++, and Fortran. It has a custom build system and optional Make support. Code::Blocks 
is being developed for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X and has been ported to FreeBSD, OpenBSD and Solaris.

Komodo
Komodo is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing a single tool that meets your development needs 
across the spectrum. Whether you’re working with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript, Komodo provides a clean, intuitive 
interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.  
Languages Supported: Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
