Problem 1. Strings in C#.
    • Describe the strings in C#.
    • What is typical for the string data type?
    • Describe the most important methods of the String class.

1)
Strings are sequences of characters. The actual sequences are stored in the heap, while their addresses are kept 
in the stack. Variables of type 'string' represent those addresses, pointing to the actual values(character sequences).

2)
String data type is unlike the other reference data types. Variables of the string class are immutable. It means 
that if we try to change the value behind the address of a string variable, the value is not changed but instead 
a new block of memory is allocated for the new value and the string variable is now pointing to it. The old value 
stays, unaddressed, in the dynamic memory, until the garbage collector destroys it and frees that memory.

3)
CompareTo(), Equals(), String.Compare() - comparison of strings lexicographically.
Concat() - concatenation of a string to another.
ToLower(…) and ToUpper(…) - representing all characters of a string as lower case or upper case letters.
IndexOf(…) and LastIndexOf(…) - searching for a sequence inside a string, the first appearance from the beginning,
or the first from the end backwards.
Substring(…) - extrantion of a portion of a string.
Split(…) - separating a string by characters, specified as parameters.
Replace(…), Regex.Replace(…) - replacing of all instances of a sequence in a string; replacing with regular 
expressions in a specified format, e.g.: "(089)[0-9]{8}" --> (constant) [a character from - to] {number of specified characters}
Trim(…) TrimStart(…) and TrimEnd(…) - remove empty spaces of specified characters at the beginning, end or trailing.
ToString(…) - it can be applied to any data type and returns the string representation of a variable's value, but not
always readable.
String.Format(…) - formats a string in a predefined format, using templates.
Parse(…) - converts a string representation of some value to a specified format, if possible. If not - FormatException 
is thrown.